hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the brilliant sci-fi movie
called x-maschina warning guys spoiler
alert
x-maschine tells the story of a computer
coder calib who wins the chance to spend
a week at the house in the mountains
belonging to nathan the ceo of the
company he works for
calib is airlifted into the middle of a
reserve owned by nathan and is then left
to make his way on foot through the
woodland to the house once he arrives at
the house caleb is greeted by an
automated system that issues him with a
key card and lets him enter the property
caleb is initially left to wander the
house confused but eventually finds
nathan working out
nathan shows calib around and then tells
him that the key card will only open
certain doors in the facility before
making him sign the mother of all ndas
nathan claims that he wants calib to
treat him as a friend but their
relationship is awkward and tense
later that day nathan introduces calib
to his experiment and says he wants
caleb to spend the next week performing
a live turing test the subject is a
fully humanoid artificial intelligence
called iva she has a face hands and feet
of flesh but the rest of her body is
clearly that of a cyborg slash robot
slash android
that night caleb discovers that the tv
in his room is actually a cctv network
that allows him to watch iva in her
habitat there is suddenly a blackout and
caleb goes to find nathan he eventually
locates him with nathan drunk and in a
petulant mood nathan says that the power
cuts happen on a regular basis and that
he is looking into it
the next morning caleb is awoken by
kyoko a japanese girl who does not speak
or engage with him in any way he later
learns that she does not speak english
because it allows nathan to talk shop
and not be concerned about information
leaking caleb meets with iva again and
she starts to flirt with him
there is a power cut and iva suddenly
warns caleb not to trust nathan we soon
learn that it is iva who has been
triggering these blackouts that evening
nathan is abusive to kaioko when she
spills some wine on kala
as caleb and iva spend more time
together the two form a bond which peaks
with iva dressing herself and clothes to
appear more humanikallah he is confused
and excited by this and tells nathan
that he thinks this is a trick that ava
has been programmed to flirt with him
and in rage nathan shouts a callum and
then shows him his lab where iva was
created explaining to him how her mind
operates and that he has been using his
own software to map the faces voices and
habits of the world population to build
a fully self-evolving brain
one evening nathan gets extremely drunk
and calip escorts him to his room there
he sees some cupboards and is able to
catch a glimpse of nathan's observation
room
one evening during shave caleb sees cctv
footage of nathan entering iva's room
and ripping up a drawing she has been
creating
caleb begins to suspect nathan of being
abusive
in a one-on-one caleb asks nathan what
he will do with iva that she fails the
test and he says she will be updated and
this will result in her memory being
wiped this is a visibly upsetting
prospect for calla nathan gets very
drunk and passes out calib seals
nathan's key card and enters the
observation room
inside he finds footage on nathan's
computer that shows he has been building
various female robots over a period of
time
caleb goes into nathan's room and finds
kyoko laying naked on the bed he opens
the cupboards in nathan's room and finds
all the destroyed and deactivated robots
hanging up
kaivocal pulls the skin from her face to
reveal that she is also a robot caleb
leaves the room just in time to find
nathan stumbling around drunk
he palms nathan's key card from the
floor and pretends nathan had dropped it
in his final meeting with iva calib
encourages her to trigger a power cut
and he reveals to her his plan to help
her escape he intends on getting nathan
drunk one last time and then locking him
in his room
the next morning nathan and calib share
polite conversation and nathan confirms
a helicopter will arrive the next
morning to pick calaba
calib offers a drink to nathan in toast
but he refuses and reveals to him that
when he entered iva's room to destroy
the picture he hit a battery operated
camera and there he knows caleb's plan
nathan admits to iva being geared
towards caleb's desires based upon
information taken from his internet
searches etc nathan tells caleb that iva
is not in love with him but she's using
him he celebrates this as confirmation
that she is a true ai giving the test to
success
there is a blackout and calib says he
had already put his plan into action
when he stole nathan's key card
and that during lockdown the system had
been rerouted to open every door nathan
knocks calib unconscious and leaves to
kill iva ivan kaidoko share a secret
conversation either then attacks nathan
and nathan retaliates by destroying
iva's hand
as he drags iva back to her room kyoko
stabs nathan in the back with a sushi
knife
nathan breaks kyoko's face apart and is
then stabbed a second time by iva
as nathan dies he seems somewhat amazed
by the irony
idle locks calibe in nathan's room and
then proceeds to raid the cupboards
containing the old robots
she takes skin and clothes to establish
herself as almost human she leaves caleb
locked in the facility and makes her way
to caleb's pickup point where she is
airlifted out of the area later we see
her integrated into human society
[Music]
the end
hope you enjoyed watching don't forget
to subscribe see you soon